Important commands on the terminal(Mac):


1- Java Must be installed.

2- ls (To view the current file files).

3- cd (without and additions to go back to the default file).

4- cd filename (To access the file).

5- once you locate the jar file past the following command in the terminal:

java -XstartOnFirstThread -jar parkesy-final.jar

you can not change anything in this command except the last part which is parkesy-final.jar it should be based on the application name in case you change it in future.



How to Use The Application(On Mac).

1- First locate button (set dll) then choose the attached file with the application (Set_dll(Mac).dylib).

2- Then locate the button (open) and choose the selective map.

3- Then locate the button (User Input) and enter the required inputs.

4- Then locate (initiate recognition).

5- Then locate (Open in new window).

6- Then choose the parking lot one by one to change the required information.

7- In each parking lot after modifying its information you required to press save.

8- The require information to be change every time are: Parking lot no

							   Entrance Lat

							   Entrance Lng

  							   Navigation Point ID

Information need to be change often: Availability status (it will be by default av)
				       Parking lot type    (it will be by default normal)
				       Mall ID 		    (itÕs one time user input)
				       Level 		    (itÕs one time user input)




The Application meant to detect all the parking lot in rectangle shape any other shapes can not be detect it.
The map must be clear with good quality bad quality might not be working well.

The outputs will be located in the same location of the jar file.
There will be several outputs not important just for testing purpose. The actual outputs are: Coordinates_original.csv (With the actual x , y coordinates)
												   Coordinates_result.csv    (Applied the converter equation)
 

The application still in testing stage so it is not 100% with no bugs or errors. 
In case you found any error during this month please contact me immediately via email ( abm.rizk@gmail.com )
